if you're looking for some healthy game
day snack inspirations than I've got you
covered
I hope he watched our previous video
where I showed you how to make pub style
sliders it was a collaboration between
us and Lee from six kids productions so
if you haven't checked it out already
make sure you do so we'll leave a link
for you so that's why I wanted to make
today my pita chips with roasted red
pepper hummus this recipe was in high
demand when I was a caterer and today
I'm gonna share my secrets with you
so grab your pita bread and I'll show
you how to make this
these chips and dip are so easy to make
that you'll be wondering why you haven't
been making them already and all you
need for them is pita bread olive oil
salt pepper lemon red bell pepper
chickpeas tahini hot sauce and garlic
before you start this recipe at all
you're gonna need 1 red bell pepper and
put it over a gas flame and then all you
do is just let it sit there for a few
minutes until the skins blacken and
blister when it does then you use your
tongs to flip it over to the other side
and you keep doing this until all sides
of the pepper including the top and the
bottom are nicely blistered and
blackened and if you don't have a gas
stove you can always do this under the
broiler in the oven so just put on this
sheet pan and do it that way too
once it's blackened you put it into a
bowl cover it with saran wrap and let it
seem so the skin can be sand away from
the flesh after a few minutes just use
your fingers to wipe away all of the
blackened parts and that's the skin
that's just charred away then you can
easily remove the stems and the seeds
and what you're left with is this nice
soft and sweet flesh so easy but if you
don't want to roast your own pepper I
will be mad at you if you do buy it from
the jar ok so let's get going now I have
two cloves of coarsely chopped garlic
I'm gonna add in your roasted red bell
pepper this should help your garlic a
lot
work with a spatula nearby so you can
help yourself out
now you have one 15 and a half ounce can
of drained and rinsed chickpeas do you
guys say chickpeas or garbanzo beans let
me know in the comments this is the most
important ingredient for hummus tahini
okay and tahini is just a sesame paste
three tablespoons okay three tablespoons
of lemon juice four to five dashes of
hot sauce depending on how you like it
the heat and then you're gonna start off
with half a teaspoon of kosher salt and
if you want it a little bit more
seasoned then add at the end but this is
a good start some pepper and I have one
to two tablespoons of water so if I need
it I'm gonna add it you know I think I
like my hummus a little chunky if you
didn't add the roasted red bell pepper
you might need it because it'll be too
thick but the bell pepper kind of adds a
little liquid on its own so I'm gonna
leave it out all right come on guys that
was super easy right and just to make
things a little bit prettier for
presentation I'm just gonna do a little
scoop IDI scoops and then drizzle with
some olive oil perfect set this aside
you can even make this a day in advance
and keep it in your fridge so this is
why it's perfect for game day because
it's like a make-ahead dip let's move on
to the pita chips
okay so now this is just for two so I'm
only going to use two pieces of pita
bread and this will make about 16 little
pita points or triangles so cut your
bread into quarters and then cut each
quarter in half and trust me these are
thick chips so that a little goes a long
way and then I just placed them on a
tray can you imagine how many of these I
had to make when I was catering that was
no joke now I will admit in my catering
days I did split the pitas in half see
how they opened up like a beak I did
split them in half if they were thinner
and you can do that too if you're kind
of like bread conscious you can just
make them thinner and then cook them for
less time now all you need is olive oil
salt and pepper if you want to be more
fancy go ahead add garlic powder I've
done it with garlic powder and crushed
oregano dried oregano you can also add
spices on top such as cumin and chili so
really go nuts and then you just
sprinkle evenly with salt and pepper
flip them over and repeat make sure you
give them a good even brushing because
you want them to crisp up nicely for you
these taste best on the same day that
they're made sometimes you have luck
with having them good the next day too
depending on how Chris you made the
pitas the oven is set to 375 degrees and
you're just gonna pop these into the
oven for about 10 minutes but just watch
it and you know according to your ovens
temperature too so after 5 minutes
you're just gonna rotate the chips if
they get crisp on the other side as well
too once they're golden brown and crispy
to the touch then you know they're good
you don't want them really to be chewy
in the middle because they have a
tendency to do that too
so just watch it make sure they're nice
and dry
are you ready to chip and dip yes ma'am
nice consistency the exact same thing so
crispy and crunchy with the hint at that
olive oil Bahamas is so creamy and
smooth it is you can taste that hint of
garlic and a hint of sweetness from the
roasted red pepper and if you don't want
to just munch on pita chips all day and
then you can pair it with some fresh
veggies it goes great with celery why
don't you give it a try and there really
goes well together nicely refreshing
crunch this is just great cinnamon and
TV enjoy the game kind of snack for the
pre game coverage three-hour coverage
for substitutions obviously you can eat
veggies instead of pita chips and for
the hummus if you don't want to use
roasted red pepper whether it's from a
jar or roasting it yourself you can also
give it a twist by adding in some
marinated artichokes for a little bit of
a tangy zing you can also use pesto for
a little brightness of herbaceous flavor
and you could always just eat a plain
well I hope you enjoyed spending time
with us today and if you're looking for
more substantial eats for the game then
don't worry we got you covered there too
then check out our previous video where
we show you how to make pub-style
sliders so altogether the spread is just
bomb diggity I hope you enjoyed watching
this and you have a fantastic time with
friends and family watching the game so
remember to push like leave a comment
down below and subscribe to our Channel
thanks so much for watching we'll see
you next time
that's buttery flaky and crunchy your
buttery flaky crunchy I guess